first up measure out your dry
ingredients plain flour wholemeal flour
salt caster sugar and bicarbonate soda
mix get 450 Miller buttermilk or most of
it in and combined buttermilk has a
wonderful subtle sour note that gives
this bread a deliciously different taste
you can get it in most other big
supermarkets if your dough is a bit
stiff add the rest of your buttermilk
flour your board gently knead the
mixture for about 30 seconds until it's
all combined dust your baking tray place
your dough in the center and score a
deep crust with a knife to get a perfect
crust then simply bake in a preheated
oven for 30 to 35 minutes amazingly easy
absolutely delicious and foolproof hot
crusty homemade soda bread whenever you
want bring the heat up into the pan a
nice little knob of butter mix Dijon
mustard white wine vinegar
Olive Oyl and saffron